machine_learning_examples
=========================

A collection of machine learning examples and tutorials.

Find associated tutorials at https://lazyprogrammer.me

Find associated courses at https://deeplearningcourses.com


Direct Course Links
===================

Deep Learning Prerequisites: The Numpy Stack in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/deep-learning-prerequisites-the-numpy-stack-in-python

Deep Learning Prerequisites: Linear Regression in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/data-science-linear-regression-in-python

Deep Learning Prerequisites: Logistic Regression in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/data-science-logistic-regression-in-python

Deep Learning in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/data-science-deep-learning-in-python

Cluster Analysis and Unsupervised Machine Learning in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/cluster-analysis-unsupervised-machine-learning-python

Data Science: Supervised Machine Learning in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/data-science-supervised-machine-learning-in-python

Bayesian Machine Learning in Python: A/B Testing
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/bayesian-machine-learning-in-python-ab-testing

Easy Natural Language Processing in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/data-science-natural-language-processing-in-python

Practical Deep Learning in Theano and TensorFlow
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/data-science-deep-learning-in-theano-tensorflow

Ensemble Machine Learning in Python: Random Forest and AdaBoost
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/machine-learning-in-python-random-forest-adaboost

Deep Learning: Convolutional Neural Networks in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/deep-learning-convolutional-neural-networks-theano-tensorflow

Unsupervised Deep Learning in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/unsupervised-deep-learning-in-python

Unsupervised Machine Learning: Hidden Markov Models in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/unsupervised-machine-learning-hidden-markov-models-in-python

Deep Learning: Recurrent Neural Networks in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/deep-learning-recurrent-neural-networks-in-python

Advanced Natural Language Processing: Deep Learning in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/natural-language-processing-with-deep-learning-in-python

Artificial Intelligence: Reinforcement Learning in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/artificial-intelligence-reinforcement-learning-in-python

Advanced AI: Deep Reinforcement Learning in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/deep-reinforcement-learning-in-python

Deep Learning: GANs and Variational Autoencoders
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/deep-learning-gans-and-variational-autoencoders

Deep Learning: Advanced Computer Vision
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/advanced-computer-vision

Deep Learning: Advanced NLP and RNNs
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/deep-learning-advanced-nlp