## Meet Python

### Introduction to Python

#### History of Python

1. Christmas 1989: Guido von Rossum started writing compilers for the Python language.
2. February 1991: The first Python compiler (also an interpreter) was born. It was implemented in C (behind) and can call C library functions. In the earliest versions, Python has provided support for building blocks such as "classes", "functions", and "exception handling", as well as core data types such as lists and dictionaries, while supporting module-based applications .
3. January 1994: Python 1.0 is officially released.
4. October 16, 2000: Python 2.0 was released with full [garbage collection] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E5%9E%83%E5%9C%BE%E5%9B % 9E% E6% 94% B6 _ (% E8% A8% 88% E7% AE% 97% E6% A9% 9F% E7% A7% 91% E5% AD% B8)), provided the [Unicode] (https (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unicode). At the same time, the entire development process of Python is more transparent, the influence of the community on the development progress is gradually expanding, and the ecosystem is slowly forming.
5. December 3, 2008: Python 3.0 was released. It is not fully compatible with previous Python code, but because there are still many companies using Python 2.x in projects and operations, Python 3.x Many new features were later ported to Python 2.6 / 2.7.

The version of Python 3.7.x we currently use was released in 2018. The version number of Python is divided into three sections, such as A.B.C. Among them, A indicates a large version number. Generally, A is added when the overall rewrite or changes that are not backwards compatible; B indicates a function update, and B is added when a new function appears; C indicates a small change (for example: a certain fix Bug), add C whenever possible. If you are interested in the history of Python, you can read a blog post titled "A Brief History of Python" (http://www.cnblogs.com/vamei/archive/2013/02/06/2892628.html).

#### Pros and cons of Python

The advantages of Python are many, and the simple ones can be summarized as follows.

1. Simple and clear, there is only one way to do one thing.
2. The learning curve is low, and Python is easier to learn than many other languages.
3. Open source, with a strong community and ecosystem.
4. An interpreted language is inherently platform portable.
5. Support is provided for two major programming paradigms (object-oriented programming and functional programming).
6. Extensibility and embeddability, such as C / C ++ code can be called in Python.
7. The code is highly standardized and readable, suitable for people with code cleanliness and obsessive-compulsive disorder.

The disadvantages of Python focus on the following points.

1. The execution efficiency is slightly lower, so computationally intensive tasks can be written in C / C ++.
2. The code cannot be encrypted, but now many companies do not sell software but sell services. This problem will be weakened.
3. There are too many frameworks to choose from during development (for example, there are more than 100 web frameworks), and there are errors where there are choices.

#### Application areas of Python

At present, Python has a wide range of applications in web application development, cloud infrastructure, DevOps, network data collection (reptiles), data analysis and mining, and machine learning. Therefore, it has also produced web back-end development, data interface development, and automated operation and maintenance. , Automated testing, scientific computing and visualization, data analysis, quantitative trading, robotics development, natural language processing, image recognition and a series of related positions.

### Install the Python interpreter

To start the Python programming journey, you must first install the Python interpreter environment on the computer you use. The following will take the installation of the official Python interpreter as an example to explain how to install the Python environment on different operating systems. The official Python interpreter is implemented in C and is also the most widely used Python interpreter, often called CPython. In addition, the Python interpreter also has Jython implemented in Java, IronPython implemented in C #, and versions such as PyPy, Brython, and Pyston. We will not introduce these contents for the time being, and interested readers can understand for themselves.

#### Windows environment

You can download the Python Windows installer (exe file) from [Python Official Website] (https://www.python.org). Note that if you install Python 3.x under Windows 7, you need to install Service first. Pack 1 patch package (can be installed by some tool software to automatically install system patches), the installation process is recommended to check "Add Python 3.x to PATH" (select Python 3.x to the PATH environment variable) and select custom Installation, it is best to check all the items such as "pip", "tcl / tk" and "Python test suite" in the "Optional Features" interface. It is strongly recommended to choose a custom installation path and ensure that there is no Chinese in the path. You will see a "Setup was successful" prompt when the installation is complete. If you run the Python program later and the Python interpreter does not work because some dynamic link library files are missing, you can solve it as follows.

If the system shows that the api-ms-win-crt \ *. Dll files are missing, you can refer to [《api-ms-win-crt \ *. Dll missing cause analysis and solutions》] (<https: //zhuanlan.zhihu. com / p / 32087135>) The method explained in the article is processed or directly download the Visual C ++ Redistributable for [Microsoft official website] (https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=48145) Visual Studio 2015 files for repair; if it is due to missing dynamic link library files after updating DirectX for Windows, you can download a [DirectX Repair Tool] (<https://dl.pconline.com.cn/download/360074 -1.html>).

#### Linux environment

The Linux environment comes with Python 2.x version, but if you want to update to 3.x version, you can download the Python source code at [Python's official website] (https://www.python.org) and pass the source code The installation method is as follows: (CentOS is taken as an example).

1. Install dependent libraries (because the absence of these dependent libraries may fail due to missing underlying dependent libraries when the source code components are installed).

`` `Shell
yum -y install wget gcc zlib-devel bzip2-devel openssl-devel ncurses-devel sqlite-devel readline-devel tk-devel gdbm-devel db4-devel libpcap-devel xz-devel libffi-devel
`` `

2. Download the Python source code and extract it to the specified directory.

`` `Shell
wget https://www.python.org/ftp/python/3.7.3/Python-3.7.3.tgz
xz -d Python-3.7.3.tar.xz
tar -xvf Python-3.7.3.tar
`` `

3. Change to the Python source code directory and execute the following commands to configure and install.

`` `Shell
cd Python-3.7.3
./configure --prefix = / usr / local / python37 --enable-optimizations
make && make install
`` `

4. Modify the file named .bash_profile in the user's home directory, configure the PATH environment variable and make it effective.

`` `Shell
cd ~
vim .bash_profile
`` `

`` `Shell
# ... omit the above code here ...

export PATH = $ PATH: / usr / local / python37 / bin

# ... omit the following code here ...
`` `

5. Activate the environment variables.

`` `Shell
source .bash_profile
`` `

#### macOS environment

macOS also comes with Python 2.x version, you can install Python 3.x version through the installation file (pkg file) provided by [Python's official website] (https://www.python.org). After the default installation is complete, you can run the `python` command in the terminal to start the 2.x version of the Python interpreter. To start the 3.x version of the Python interpreter, you need to execute the` python3` command.

### Run Python Program

#### Confirm Python version

You can type the following command at the command prompt of Windows.

`` `Shell
python --version
`` `
Or type the following command in a terminal on a Linux or macOS system.

`` `Shell
python3 --version
`` `

Of course, you can also enter python or python3 to enter the interactive environment, and then execute the following code to check the version of Python.

`` `Python
import sys

print (sys.version_info)
print (sys.version)
`` `

#### Writing Python Source Code

Can use text editing tools (recommended to use [Sublime] (<https://www.sublimetext.com/>), [Visual Studio Code] (<https://code.visualstudio.com/>) and other advanced text editing tools ) Write the Python source code and save the file with py as the suffix. The code content is shown below.

`` `Python
print ('hello, world!')
`` `

#### Run the program

Change to the directory where the source code is located and execute the following command to see if "hello, world!" Is printed on the screen.

`` `Shell
python hello.py
`` `

or

`` `Shell
python3 hello.py
`` `

#### Comments in code

An annotation is an important part of a programming language. It is used to explain the role of the code in the source code to enhance the readability and maintainability of the program. Of course, you can also remove the code segments in the source code that do not need to run through comments This is often used when debugging programs. Comments are removed when the source code enters the preprocessor or compiles, and are not retained in the object code and do not affect the program's execution results.

1. Single-line comment-part starting with # and space
2. Multi-line comments-start with three quotes, end with three quotes

`` `Python
"" "
First Python program-hello, world!
Tribute to the great Mr. Dennis M. Ritchie

Version: 0.1
Author: Luo Hao
"" "

print ('hello, world!')
# print ("Hello, world!")
print ('Hello', 'World')
print ('hello', 'world', sep = ',', end = '!')
print ('goodbye, world', end = '! \ n')
`` `

### Python Development Tools

#### IDLE-comes with integrated development tools

IDLE is an integrated development tool that comes with the Python environment, as shown in the following figure. But because the user experience of IDLE is not so good, it is rarely used in actual development.

! [] (./ res / python-idle.png)

#### IPython-better interactive programming tool

IPython is a Python-based interactive interpreter. Compared to the native Python interactive environment, IPython provides more powerful editing and interactive features. You can install IPython and Jupyter through the Python package management tool pip. The specific operations are shown below.

`` `Shell
pip install ipython
`` `

or

`` `Shell
pip3 install ipython
`` `

After successful installation, you can use the following ipy