## Language elements

#### Instructions and procedures

The hardware system of a computer is usually composed of five major components, including an arithmetic unit, a controller, a memory, an input device, and an output device. Among them, the arithmetic unit and the controller put together is what we usually call the central processing unit. Its function is to execute various calculations and control instructions and process data in computer software. What we usually call a program is actually a collection of instructions. Our program is to organize a series of instructions together in a certain way, and then use these instructions to control the computer to do what we want it to do. Most of the computers we use today, although their components are becoming more and more precise in workmanship and their processing capabilities are becoming more and more powerful, their essence still belongs to ["von Neumann Structure"] (https: // en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E5%86%AF%C2%B7%E8%AF%BA%E4%BC%8A%E6%9B%BC%E7%BB%93%E6%9E%84) computer. The "von Neumann structure" has two key points. One is to separate the storage device from the central processing unit, and the other is to encode the data in binary mode. Binary is a "two-in-one" counting method, which is not substantially different from the "every ten-in-one" counting method used by humans. Because humans have ten fingers, they use decimal (because when counting After the ten fingers are used up, they can only be carried. Of course, there are exceptions. Maya people may have counted their toes because they have been barefoot for many years. So they used the decimal number method. Under the guidance of this counting method, the Maya calendar is different from our usual calendar. According to the Maya calendar, 2012 was the last year of the last so-called "Sun Age", and 2013 was new. The beginning of the "Sunshine Period", and later this matter was misinformed as "apocalyptic 2012 in Maya prophecy". This is a ridiculous statement. Today we can boldly speculate that the slow development of the Maya civilization is also estimated. (Related to the use of decimals). For computers, binary is the easiest to implement on a physical device (high voltage means 1, low voltage means 0), so all computers in the "von Neumann structure" use binary. Although we don't need every programmer to be able to work in binary mode of thinking, it is still necessary to understand binary and its conversion relationship with decimal in our lives, and the conversion relationship between binary and octal and hexadecimal. necessary. If you are not familiar with this, you can use [Wikipedia] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E4%BA%8C%E8%BF%9B%E5%88%B6) or [Baidu Encyclopedia] (https://baike.baidu.com) popular science.

> Tip: Recent research on ** quantum computers ** has been overthrown. Quantum computers operate based on quantum mechanics and use quantum teleportation to transfer information. In June 2018, Intel announced the development of a new quantum chip and passed the test in a near absolute zero environment; in January 2019, IBM released the first commercial quantum computer to the world.

### Variables and types

In programming, a variable is a carrier for storing data. The variable in the computer is the actual data or a piece of memory space in the memory to store data. The value of the variable can be read and modified, which is the basis of all calculations and controls. There are many types of data that a computer can process. In addition to numerical values, it can also process a variety of data such as text, graphics, audio, and video. Then different data needs to define different types of storage. There are many data types in Python, but also allows us to customize new data types (this will be discussed later), we first introduce several commonly used data types.

-Integer: Python can handle integers of any size (Python 2.x has two types of integers, int and long, but this distinction is not meaningful to Python, so in Python 3.x integers have only int This one), and supports binary (such as `0b100`, converted to decimal is 4), octal (such as` 0o100`, converted to decimal is 64), decimal (`100`), and hexadecimal (` 0x100 `, Converted to decimal notation is 256).
-Floating-point type: Floating-point numbers are also decimals. They are called floating-point numbers because the decimal point position of a floating-point number is variable when expressed in scientific notation. Floating-point numbers are not written in mathematical terms (such as `123.456`) In addition to supporting scientific notation (such as `1.23456e2`).
-String type: A string is any text enclosed in single or double quotes, such as `'hello'` and` "hello" `, strings also have primitive string notation, byte string notation, Unicode string representation, and can be written in multiple lines (starting with three single quotes or three double quotes and ending with three single quotes or three double quotes).
-Boolean: Boolean values ​​are only `True` and` False`, either `True` or` False`. In Python, you can directly use `True` and` False` to represent Boolean values ​​(please note Uppercase and lowercase) can also be calculated by Boolean operations (for example, `3 <5` will produce the Boolean value` True`, and `2 == 1` will produce the Boolean value` False`).
-Complex type: it is shaped like `3 + 5j`. It is the same as the mathematical complex number representation. The only difference is that` i` in the imaginary part is replaced by `j`. In fact, this type cannot be counted as a common type, and everyone can understand it.

#### Variable naming

For each variable we need to give it a name, just as each of us has its own loud name. In Python, variable naming is subject to the following hard rules and non-hard rules that are strongly recommended.

-Hard rules:
  -Variable names consist of letters (universal Unicode characters, excluding special characters), numbers, and underscores. Numbers cannot begin.
  -Case sensitivity (`a` in uppercase and` A` in lowercase are two different variables).
  -Do not conflict with keywords (words with special meanings, which will be described later) and system reserved words (such as names of functions, modules, etc.).
-PEP 8 requires:
  -Spelling in lowercase letters, multiple words are underlined.
  -Protected instance attributes begin with a single underscore (described later).
  -Private instance attributes begin with two underscores (described later).

Of course, as a professional programmer, it is also very important to know the names when naming variables (in fact, all identifiers).

#### Use of variables

The following examples illustrate the types of variables and their use.

`` `Python
"" "
Use variables to save data and perform arithmetic operations

Version: 0.1
Author: Luo Hao
"" "

a = 321
b = 123
print (a + b)
print (a-b)
print (a * b)
print (a / b)
print (a // b)
print (a% b)
print (a ** b)
`` `

You can use the `type` function to check the type of a variable in Python. The concept of function in programming is consistent with the concept of mathematical function. I believe that mathematical function is familiar to everyone. It includes function name, independent variable and dependent variable. It doesn't matter if you don't understand the concept for the time being, we will specifically explain the definition and use of functions in subsequent chapters.

`` `Python
"" "
Use type () to check the type of a variable

Version: 0.1
Author: Luo Hao
Date: 2018-02-27
"" "

a = 100
b = 12.345
c = 1 + 5j
d = 'hello, world'
e = True
print (type (a)) # <class 'int'>
print (type (b)) # <class 'float'>
print (type (c)) # <class 'complex'>
print (type (d)) # <class 'str'>
print (type (e)) # <class 'bool'>
`` `

Variable types can be converted using functions built into Python.

-`int ()`: Converts a numeric value or string into an integer. You can specify the base.
-`float ()`: convert a string to a floating point number.
-`str ()`: Converts the specified object into a string, and can specify the encoding.
-`chr ()`: converts an integer to a string (one character) corresponding to the encoding.
-`ord ()`: converts a string (a character) to the corresponding encoding (integer).

The following code uses the keyboard to enter two integers to implement arithmetic operations on two integers.

`` `Python
"" "
Get keyboard input (string) using input () function
Use the int () function to convert the input string to an integer
Use print () function to output a string with placeholders

Version: 0.1
Author: Luo Hao
"" "

a = int (input ('a ='))
b = int (input ('b ='))
print ('% d +% d =% d'% (a, b, a + b))
print ('% d-% d =% d'% (a, b, a-b))
print ('% d *% d =% d'% (a, b, a * b))
print ('% d /% d =% f'% (a, b, a / b))
print ('% d //% d =% d'% (a, b, a // b))
print ('% d %%% d =% d'% (a, b, a% b))
print ('% d **% d =% d'% (a, b, a ** b))
`` `

